[DOCS-2174] Database Monitoring product documentation (#11195)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_mysql/selfhosted.md

### Metric collection

Add this configuration block to your `mysql.d/conf.yaml` to collect MySQL metrics:

```yaml
init_config:

instances:
  - dbm: true
    host: 127.0.0.1
    port: 3306
    username: datadog
    password: '<YOUR_CHOSEN_PASSWORD>' # from the CREATE USER step earlier
```

**Note**: Wrap your password in single quotes in case a special character is present.

Note that the `datadog` user should be set up in the MySQL integration configuration as `host: 127.0.0.1` instead of `localhost`. Alternatively, you may also use `sock`.

[Restart the Agent][9] to start sending MySQL metrics to Datadog.

### Log collection (optional)

In addition to telemetry collected from the database by the Agent, you can also choose to send your database logs directly to Datadog.

1. By default MySQL logs everything in `/var/log/syslog` which requires root access to read. To make the logs more accessible, follow these steps:

   1. Edit `/etc/mysql/conf.d/mysqld_safe_syslog.cnf` and comment out all lines.

>    2. Edit `/etc/mysql/my.cnf` to enable the desired logging settings. For example, to enable general, error, and slow query logs use the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Edit `/etc/mysql/my.cnf` to enable the desired logging settings. For example, to enable general, error, and slow query logs, use the following configuration:
```

     ```conf
       [mysqld_safe]
       log_error = /var/log/mysql/mysql_error.log

       [mysqld]
       general_log = on
       general_log_file = /var/log/mysql/mysql.log
       log_error = /var/log/mysql/mysql_error.log
       slow_query_log = on
       slow_query_log_file = /var/log/mysql/mysql_slow.log
       long_query_time = 3
     ```

   3. Save the file and restart MySQL.

>    4. Make sure the Agent has read access on the `/var/log/mysql` directory and all of the files within. Double-check your `logrotate` configuration to make sure those files are taken into account and that the permissions are correctly set there as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Make sure the Agent has read access to the `/var/log/mysql` directory and all of the files within. Double-check your `logrotate` configuration to make sure these files are taken into account and that the permissions are correctly set.
```
